README.md, before:

# RN Simulation Game

By Weng Fei Fung

![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Siphon880gh/In-Game-Timer/main)
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/Siphon880gh" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub--blue?style=social&logo=GitHub" alt="Github" data-canonical-src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub--blue?style=social&logo=GitHub" style="max-width:8.5ch;"></a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/weng-fung/" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin&labelColor=blue" alt="Linked-In" data-canonical-src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&amp;logo=linkedin&amp;labelColor=blue" style="max-width:10ch;"></a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/@WayneTeachesCode/" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Youtube-red?style=flat&logo=youtube&labelColor=red" alt="Youtube" data-canonical-src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Youtube-red?style=flat&amp;logo=youtube&amp;labelColor=red" style="max-width:10ch;"></a>

## Description

Experience the intensity of a fast-paced 12-hour shift in this nursing simulation game. Manage multiple patients in ICU and Med-Surg units, facing real workloads and emergent situations. Your goal is to complete your shift without going into overtime, testing your clinical judgment, time management, and prioritization skills in a dynamic hospital environment.

### Future Features:

- Handle diverse patient populations in both ICU and Med-Surg settings
- Respond to emergent situations like:
  - Code Blues
  - Rapid Responses
  - Sudden Patient Deterioration
  - New Admissions/Transfers
- Balance competing priorities:
  - Medication Administration
  - Patient Assessments
  - New Orders & Procedures
  - Documentation
  - Care Planning
  - Family Communication
- Real-time vital sign monitoring
- Dynamic patient conditions that can change based on interventions
- Realistic time pressure with an in-game 12-hour shift clock
- Performance scoring based on patient outcomes and task completion

### Learning Objectives:

- Develop clinical prioritization skills
- Practice safe medication administration
- Improve time management in high-pressure situations
- Learn to delegate appropriately
- Master documentation requirements
- Handle emergencies while maintaining care for other assigned patients

Perfect for nursing students and new graduates to practice clinical decision-making in a risk-free environment. Challenge yourself with increasing difficulty levels as you gain experience managing complex patient assignments.

Commit message:

Updated Readme.md regarding project status

README.md, after:

# RN Simulation Game

By Weng Fei Fung

![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Siphon880gh/In-Game-Timer/main)
<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/Siphon880gh" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub--blue?style=social&logo=GitHub" alt="Github" data-canonical-src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub--blue?style=social&logo=GitHub" style="max-width:8.5ch;"></a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/weng-fung/" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin&labelColor=blue" alt="Linked-In" data-canonical-src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&amp;logo=linkedin&amp;labelColor=blue" style="max-width:10ch;"></a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/@WayneTeachesCode/" rel="nofollow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Youtube-red?style=flat&logo=youtube&labelColor=red" alt="Youtube" data-canonical-src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Youtube-red?style=flat&amp;logo=youtube&amp;labelColor=red" style="max-width:10ch;"></a>

## Description

Experience the intensity of a fast-paced 12-hour shift in this nursing simulation game. Manage multiple patients in ICU and Med-Surg units, facing real workloads and emergent situations. Your goal is to complete your shift without going into overtime, testing your clinical judgment, time management, and prioritization skills in a dynamic hospital environment.

## STATUS
This project is a work in progress and is currently in its early stages.

### Future Features:

- Handle diverse patient populations in both ICU and Med-Surg settings
- Respond to emergent situations like:
  - Code Blues
  - Rapid Responses
  - Sudden Patient Deterioration
  - New Admissions/Transfers
- Balance competing priorities:
  - Medication Administration
  - Patient Assessments
  - New Orders & Procedures
  - Documentation
  - Care Planning
  - Family Communication
- Real-time vital sign monitoring
- Dynamic patient conditions that can change based on interventions
- Realistic time pressure with an in-game 12-hour shift clock
- Performance scoring based on patient outcomes and task completion

### Learning Objectives:

- Develop clinical prioritization skills
- Practice safe medication administration
- Improve time management in high-pressure situations
- Learn to delegate appropriately
- Master documentation requirements
- Handle emergencies while maintaining care for other assigned patients

Perfect for nursing students and new graduates to practice clinical decision-making in a risk-free environment. Challenge yourself with increasing difficulty levels as you gain experience managing complex patient assignments.
